if you're the kind of buyer who wants to
actually enjoy the hobby with the car
you can drive and show off for years
this 1971 Charger r/t is without a doubt
one of the best deals on the planet
fresh out of a high-quality concours
restoration the rust free original body
was stripped sanded and massaged -
better than showroom condition once the
panels were correctly aligned and the
cars intimidating slab-sided ambience
was fully reconstructed a correct retina
searing coat of Chrysler curious yellow
paint was expertly applied under a
correct flat black rear spoiler and
fresh charger r/t decals the result is
an ultra straight fully detailed
pavement founder that elicits comments
and stares every time it hits the road
lifts the long hood and you'll find the
cars original 440 cubic-inch Magnum v8
that has been fully rebuilt and detailed
for show air flows through a correctly
detailed satin black duel snorkel air
cleaner into a curette four-barrel
carburetor that is bolted to a glassy
Hemi orange intake manifold a correct
distributor since fired from a correct
coil into seven millimeter high
temperature plug wires and at the size
of that intake Hemi orange valve covers
hang above correctly restored exhaust
manifolds cooling is supplied by a
restored chrysler radiator that utilizes
correct hoses and clamps and sends water
past fresh feed belts and rebuilt engine
accessories and power is provided by a
correct Mopar red top battery that sent
spark to a correct Mopar voltage
regulator
sit down inside this great-looking
charger you'll find an all-original
houndstooth interior that is accented
with tasteful wood and stainless trim
the vintage seat covers fresh carpets
and tight headliner displayed no signs
of obvious wear and tear and the door
panels and full-length console feature
fresh and well preserved would have
pleats that original console houses a
correct t-handle shifter for the cars a
727 transmission and the cars original
dash holds original gauges above a
correct factory heater a modern Sony CD
player in a rare optional rim blow
steering wheel cars like this concours
restored 71 charged are what makes his
hobby fun it combines a slew of Trophy
winning ingredients with a price that is
substantially lower than most freshly
completed muscle cars and enough
firepower to Humble even modern
performance callers for more information
on the 71 charger and many other
brilliant Mopars
call click or visit arcade motor
Charlotte calm
you